add `nextra/locales` middleware which can be exported from `root/middleware.{js,ts}` file to detect and redirect to the user-selected language for i18n websites (#3439)
shuding/nextra: docs/pages/docs/guide/i18n.mdx

]
```

## Automatically Detect and Redirect to User-Selected Language (Optional)

> You can automatically detect the user's preferred language and redirect them to

Author: ```suggestion
You can automatically detect the user's preferred language and redirect them to
```

the corresponding version of the site. To achieve this, create a `middleware.js`

> file in the root of your project and export Nextra’s middleware function from

Author: ```suggestion
file in the root of your project and export Nextra's middleware function from
```
